hi everyone this is Brian Gundy from for
goodness sakes and I'm up in the Santa
Cruz Mountains herping and came upon
these I don't know what you call them
water drain areas or water meter areas
and when I was a kid we used to flip a
lot of these lids and find some
interesting animals and as you guys can
see I've come upon a little group of
salamanders these are real pretty I
don't know what kind they are I'm not an
amphibian type guy but as you can see
real pretty bellies very interesting
little guys don't have a clue if this is
a male or a female but look at the
orange on that man and there's actually
four of them in here and they like very
cool damp areas here's another one and
that's just what I love about being up
in places like this the possibility of
remnant animals that are totally unique
and again I'm I live in San Jose which
is like only about 15 miles from where
I'm at right now 15 or 20 miles and so I
love about living in the San Francisco
Bay Area is all the diverse life here
let's see if we can find any more no yep
there's one in there you gotta have to
be careful cuz you never know what
you're gonna run into so you got it use
your you know have your wits about you
there could be a rattlesnake in here you
know our let's rattle snakes up here up
in Santa Cruz Mountains see if I can
find any more or anything else it's kind
of interesting
well here's a bunch of there's one here
another one a little baby it looks like
and then a larger one so any right Here
I am up in Santa Cruz Mountains just
having a blast checking out these
salamanders I hired everyone as always
hope you guys are having fun I'm having
a blast you guys take care
see you guys